Fill in your notes here:

- checkout gooddog.gif
- What your approach was
  My approach for this project was to make the functionality like the breed search modal that appears on the main Good Dog site but with a few UI changes that stuck out to me. Instead of creating 3 buttons for the breed groups, I thought it would be a better experience for the user if there were 4; All, Purebreed, Crossbreed, and Not Live. On the main site there's only All, Purebreed, and Crossbreed. In this way users can more accurately filter and separate the breed list. Another change that I made is to allow the breed tabs to be available for an user no matter where they are in their scroll. I immediately noticed that the breed list scroll on the Good Dog site is implemented so that an user can only change the breed tabs if they are at the top of the scroll. I found this not to be an ideal experience. Even though I could of wrote my implementation using functional components I chose to use class components because I feel that they are more explicit and readable. At the end of the day its preference and I do jump between class components with lifecycle methods and functional components with hooks in my normal day to day.

- Any future TODOs that could be implemented with more time and resources
  In the future I would get wireframes from a professional ux designer and let them lead in the styling choices. I would also make each breed link to its own page when clicked where more info could be revealed. I would add react testing library to better test user behavior. I would evaluate the lint settings and make them less strict. For instance I disabled the "no-nested-ternary" lint error because I don't think all nested ternary statements are problematic and in my case they allow for concise code. I would also add flow type-checking to make the code more maintainable and explicit.

- Anything else you'd like us to know about your submission
  -In my solution I added a filtered search list functionality whose logic exist within the filteredList helper function. I also added a few extra modules. I added nodemon so that the server would auto restart upon change and react-overflow-scrolling so that I could easily implement my scroll feature. I also added sass because it is my weapon of choice when writing modular scoped css. I also used the BEM naming methodology to write clean and more readable css. Using both of these basic conventions will allow css to scale seamlessly in a larger project.
